This next part we have to do here we have the three labels which store, which store the image of the
preferences so that no user mouse hovers on these images border.
Or we will say, yeah, the border color changes, the white part will hover there.
So what we will do firstly, let's run this file first and.
Okay.
So here we got this thing here for what I have done.
This output is coming in the center of the window.
I have tried the distant set location relative to the property, and here we have done this thing.
So because of that, the output is going in center of the window.
So now what we have to do, firstly, we have to create a border first.
So here we will write, create orders here.
We will lie in order to stop Raven So Neiman has grey border when it comes to border factory dot create
will take a mad border.
You don't mind?
So Henry will take this one and give to one?
No, I will set it to.
To en route, obviously to.
Similar to height also to the color will be.
Something with that.
Okay.
Sorry.
This one.
Okay.
Say hello to.
Not clean.
Stick to the plan.
Okay.
I have the I was wearing this one to try to the black for first.
This is done.
Okay.
Now under water.
We will need we will take it as the green.
So water green water equal to water factory not create mud one.
Here.
So to do this one seems to do this is also to add color said to the screen.
So it's done.
We have created the waters.
Now we have to set the borders under this constructor.
So here we will write set borders first and we will write label.
We have to name you this one side, the border.
And we have the border.
BLACKBURN And here we need a chili bowl with the computer here and set it to order.
Okay.
This one to Blackburn?
No, we need our rock, paper, scissors label.
So here we will write all.
People thought said border and surged to green border.
Here we will take it as a green border and relabel.
Julie and then when the rock Dodd said border.
And so took the green one.
Don't know.
The last one we need really.
Will scissors.
Here.
We will.
Okay, Suzanne, we need another border here.
Set
border to green.
So it's done.
You're.
This part is done.
And now what you have to do.
We will run our program first.
Chuck Fritz.
Yeah.
This one is green here.
The black one.
GREENE okay.
So what do you think?
I have to change it.
GREENE.
GREENE okay.
Okay.
Let it be green here.
Green.
Okay.
Now, these labels have the ringtones also mouse.
And we need the mouse click or enter this one.
The mouse clicked, the mouse entered and the mouse exited.
We have these three even.
Firstly, what I have take I will take of these each of these three to mouse click clicked event.
Solidarity.
Here we have the mouse click even now.
What do we have to do?
We need the Rock One Mouse Click event.
Here we will display the image or the image we have here.
Okay.
So here we will write our part of displaying the rock image first.
Same goes with this one here.
We will drive this thing before we reach.
Same goes with this.
Displaying the scissor image.
So now for the.
Okay.
So we have an agreement.
Also, the mouse enters one and the mouse enter.
We have to change the border with the black to the green when no user holds the mouse.
So here we will write change order.
So what?
We will write Chile and we need the rock.
I'm not set.
Said Border.
Door.
Green one.
It doesn't seem that this change moderate
and even dry chili bowl.
This one is for people.
Right.
So take the paper and write site border.
Dart site border and central to Greenville.
See here.
Key.
Okay.
Not Greenland.
Sorry.
We like to hear the same thing.
Change water.
Key.
Means more than making cheap labor.
We need the Caesar part here.
So God sent order.
Key.
The green.
Now, when the mouse entered and then the user mouse when the user released the mouse button saw border
will come back to the initial color.
So we have to right here, same thing really.
And what we have in the initial color, we have the black one, right?
So here we will.
Right, set the border and put it to the black border.
And same thing goes with all of each of these buttons.
So in each of these we have done the change border event here.
Okay.
So here.
Same thing we have to write in border.
Change murder.
We have to rock, not set Mordor and set it to black, obviously.
And same thing here.
Believe me, we need the people on board.
That board.
Of course.
On Black Sea.
We will run our file first and see the output.
He had been.
Okay.
See this effect or that when I'm going with the cursor here, it changed to the green and when I'm releasing
the cursor it changed over to the initial one.
So this part is done.
Now we have to make another.